hi folks today we got a 2015 Yamaha
Raptor 700 our
a few minor updates for the 15 model
over the 14
I think it's about 10% more power or so
at the Yamaha extracted from redesigning
the camshaft the cylinder head they have
a new muffler design and I believe they
also added an AI system
of that Yamaha Baloo but this blows
power you know surprisingly gets eight
percent better fuel economy which is a
little bonus turn it on here for you
it's got fuel injection so it just
starts up in a second every time all the
time
Yamaha's I'll tweet the hailing a little
I believe they lengthen the rear shock
by a few millimeters a little tiny
refinements that are constantly making
this machine even better and better
this year as well they pumped up the
tires the 22 inches opposed the 21
it's got a reverse here as well sapling
comes in handy
now these wrapped is a really wonderful
machine they got the looks
huge big torque awesome solid axle
handling just really makes it a
phenomenal machine
thanks for watching guys hope you liked
it